When you join Verizon  Verizon is one of the world’s leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our shared ambition to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here.  What you’ll be doing...  We are looking for motivated team players who can work independently and well as a team member to drive solutions that make a difference for our customers and organization.  Building Machine learning models for Prediction and Prescription using Statistical techniques. Building ML Models to extract deeper insights from call and chat transcripts. Enhance Personalization in Cognitive Products like Chatbots by Interaction management solutions Working on computer vision and developing solutions to provide better customer experience. Optimization Models in Business Operations like Retail, call center and Dispatch centers. Applied Research in the field of AI and improving the adoption of those in the business use cases. Develop Machine learning Core Products that can be applied in multiple use cases. Work in High compute, High storage Hadoop clusters and connect to databases at scale like Hive and Teradata.  What we’re looking for...  You are a motivated self-starter. Never satisfied with the status quo, you’re always trying to beat a personal best. You thrive in a fast-paced environment where new challenges come up every day. You are flexible, dependable and work well in varying environments. Learning quickly is personally rewarding and inspires you to take smart risks.  You’ll Need To Have  Bachelor’s/Dual Degree in the field of Computer Engineering/ Information Technology or a related major with an expected completion date in the year 2023.  Even better if you have one or more of the following:  Programming in Python/ PySpark. Knowledge in data structures and algorithms. Knowledge in statistics and Operations Research to solve Optimization Problems. Developing Statistical Machine Learning Models such as Xgboost, K-means, Random forest etc. Developing Deep Learning Models using LSTM, GRU, CNN, GANs. Knowledge on Natural Language Processing Techniques. Knowledge on Databases and Cloud is an added advantage. Structured/ Critical Thinking and a strong problem solver.  Diversity & Inclusion  We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.